Jake Bell appreciates Cutting Edge
technology but doesn't like to look at
it hence the dinosaur man music discs
and is this your phone brother I don't
make many calls so his goal was simple
to spend every last penny of amd's
$5,000 on a sick Tech upgrade that I
wouldn't be able to find I accept your
challenge no all older more stolen how
about down here Pokémon Ruby my favorite
one Tech deck you're not going to find
anything what about this Wireless
Communications device uh actually this
is pretty old yeah it's got the new
Wi-Fi
3 aha I knew I'd find something old
record but about a new video game that
out damn it there it is how is this
hidden you've got so much stuff there's
a pinball machine how is this the
stealthy upgrade okay we're going to
figure that out but first we got to roll
that intro
[Music]
AMD ultimate Tech upgrade is back which
means it's time for another giveaway
they're going to be giving out three
Sapphire Nitro plus RX 7800 XTS it's a
great card for 1440p high refresh rate
gaming with 16 gigs of video memory all
you have to do is check out our Twitter
which we're going to have linked down
below for a chance to win thanks AMD for
sponsoring this series and for giving
away cool stuff in all seriousness this
probably is a good time to explain
what's going to be stealthy about this
setup my understanding is most of your
upgrade is going to end up hidden inside
the pinball machine that we definitely
didn't accidentally break as we were
bringing it up the stairs
Elijah there's no video proof you have
no evidence it was me true you do have
my track record though did you really
put extra holes in someone's wall again
into his house did Elijah work on this
what won't be hidden is all the stolen
goods from the office that uh yeah you
trying to stand in front of it really
I'm getting a collection the fact that
you're collecting it doesn't make it not
taken debatable the UK would like a word
backpack that's not mine I think that
one's mine that was mine another LT
backpack also not mine one Jonathan
Horst hosted of Mac address help
me I have no explanation oh my God
there's another one of these green water
bottles you have every size mhm there's
no way anyone actually bought a homepod
this has got to be from the office
Christmas party I've got three pictures
lest in my house this one's my favorite
what the hell it's in your bedroom you
got to remember who you're doing it for
well not not it like who you wake up for
in the
morning see I thought he was talking
about this one and I didn't want toake
acknowledge it no the top one what
they're the same Spot the Difference
ones have been kissed twice as
much hey guys and you're having fun but
can the first thing you upgrade please
be the Wi-Fi network uh yeah let's do
that let's let's do that now oh wow
that'll be a big upgrade we're going
ubiquity with the U7 Pro Wi-Fi 7 baby
can you tell Jake help me with my list
of things to upgrade yes I can the
ubiquity are is real to go with that
we've got a UniFi Express so this is
going to be your router looks like an
Apple TV uh let's go ahead and do a
quick before test you have gigabit
internet and this is your Wi-Fi what are
you doing brother not
downloading question for you this has
only got two ethernet ports on it one
going to the ISP box and then one
presumably going to our U7 Pro but Belle
has a wired computer right here do we
have a switch we don't actually have a
switch but these can actually work in
mesh Network oh is this also Wi-Fi 7
yeah this is Wi-Fi 6 oh this is Wi-Fi 7
but they can run in a mesh
mode that sounds like an unnecessary
compromise I also have a switch Belle
has a switch Belle has a switch let's
use it this is part of the upgrade no
you just have a brand new inbox TP Link
switch no I just keep the boxes for
everything really yeah my closet full of
boxes and all my dresser drawers you got
to keep boxes for everything what if you
want to sell it oh we're zooming now
pretty much a gig that's more like it
that is not pretty much a gig but that
is more like it let's go ahead and get
the U7 Pro connected and see how fast
this thing can zoom though lonus wasn't
wrong I did kind of break it carrying it
in but we're going to fix that right now
with some wood glue kind of oh I got to
siphon
it stop what it's not coming out and if
I bang it it closes it it's oh no what
are you doing oh I see getting glue out
I just need a chopstick or something
oh we got incest here
I incense
sorry okay we we got to get it into the
crack yeah it's in there no no you had
it in there no it's not in the crack I'm
in the crack Elijah it's not in the
crack oh do we just nail it in oh it's
in oh is it yeah it was
me oh it's smoking unplug what did you
do what I plugged back in to test if I
could get it working
was this cable uhhuh and this ribbon
cable okay I did not touch anything else
when plugging it back in and I saw the
smoke coming from the bottom corner here
it's dead this right here is an HDMI
port but this cable is not an HDMI
connector do not plug into TVs this is a
pretty common thing especially with
smaller companies where they will reuse
an existing standard port or cable
because they know that it's reliable but
Carrie completely different signals or
even power over it and I think what
happened is we created a power Loop
where we powered this board and then
output power into this board in a way
that it was not intended to be powered
and fried it the good news is Elijah is
not actually dead he'll be up in a
moment and we are going to proceed with
the rest of the upgrade and then Elijah
is going to fix it that will be his
Redemption Arc and we will shoot that at
the end Elijah can I give you a task
that has no electricity yes sir can you
please wall mount that AP also hey can
we do a speed test on that AP now let's
have some good news I'm really sorry
Belle dude your Wi-Fi is bugged 900
megabit your ISP is fine this is what I
get for trust and Jake tyy now it's not
the frame now it's the
door it's a frame it's the frame TV from
Samsung
okay chosen for its
matte screen clean aesthetic before this
I had an s95 B why black rectangle on
your wall
ugly matte artwork
pretty you didn't I went from a 65 in
s95 B to this 55 in Samsung frame with
the teak frame that goes around
it I'm so unhappy right
now that's more like here we
go
boys nice that's pretty sweet the matte
screen is really nice I got to give you
that thank you I just want you guys to
know you're doing great I keep hitting
my head on this stupid wind
chime stop that looks flipping awesome
let's get this cable managed a little
bit we got the LTT store cable ties it's
going to go in the pinball machine this
is going in the pinball machine
everything is this shelf will not be
here what else is going to go in here
the Apple TV the computer itself what
yeah oh I don't know if that's a good
idea you guys
why uh
ventilation well funny that you say that
we actually had Justin test fit
everything beforehand I was just about
to pull this top off and you'll see what
we solved for ventilation we've got two
no a fans in the front here and then
we've got one in the back as well as an
extra hole for cables to run out okay I
don't think that's going to be enough we
did it like this because it would be
like kind of cleaner I didn't want to
punch more holes through it well you
know what it's a pretty minor thing to
go in here after and put in a couple
more fans okay okay cool they're only
fans realistically we weren't ready to
install this yet anyway because that is
not a Radeon 7900 XTX Bel do you want to
get me your new GPU Phantom gaming thank
you you're so welcome wait what is this
this is a 39 90 yeah you already had a
pretty decent GPU I got the only thing
better fair enough all right I like your
broken pcie bracket if there's anything
wrong in there it's Chase's faults he
built me this PC cuz I don't know how to
build a PC well here why am I doing this
then time to install a GPU well there's
a broken bracket in there you're setting
me up for failure no no it makes it
easier where'd you get this is this even
new this looks scuffed yeah but curan
again you told them to get you a us naaz
I will put up the parts list right right
here so you can see oh it's literally
quite Dusty yeah it's got dust bunnies
in it it's I mean 12 tabes of you know
NAS drive storage also did you feel that
power button truly awful that's what
these feel like they have small fingers
so I guess it it's easier that's this
kind of switch well no you can't press
it like that you got to use the Fig it's
not for your thumb yeah well while
you're installing the GPU I'm not
installing the GPU you're installing the
GP are you sticker bumping this sure
it's really good though really fast
great for 4K gaming I mean what else can
I really say about it what else do you
want out of a GPU it's great for high
refresh rate 4K gaming all right holy
this thing is big is this bigger than my
other GPU I believe so yeah I mean not
that it's a competition but yeah it is
and I'm
winning oh these are your stickers for
the qap ooh all right going straight for
Bobby Hill yeah no I shouldn't because I
want Bobby Hill on top okay wo W you
can't plug it in yet you're missing no
oh there you go can I pull it into a
different one you could but I
wouldn't why because that top one is
pcie Gen 5 the card's not pcie Gen 5 but
yeah it's also using 16 Lanes directly
off of the CPU and so those are your
fastest lowest latency bestest Lanes
this actually the first time I've seen
the screwdrive screwdriver shaft
extension where can I buy it short
circuit.com Bella is the channel manager
for short circuit by the way yeah that's
why he's wearing the short circuit
T-shirt oh you're wearing short circuit
too oh yeah look at that we're is the
best merch we have I know you were
feeling some trepidation before but am I
doing a good job you've done five
stickers you didn't even take off the
like instruction thing on the side well
I'm going to cover it that's a sticker
all right balls I will have you know I
am taking so long because I'm trying to
do a good job and let me tell you you
certainly are trying how's the computer
doing we're going to post it right now
and make sure it works all right what
the hell is that picture about why do
you look so unhappy about the money B
why do you have the official short
circuit account on your computer
Resident Evil 4 great
game you can buy that right uh it I have
short short circuit has I think
technically you're actually not supposed
to do that is there something Elijah and
Colin can work on right now uh I have a
really big mirror that I can't hang by
myself it be great if they did is that
part of your upgrade yeah of course
you're just getting free labor it was
not part of your upgrade is it smart
yeah it's a smart mirror what smart
about it I could check that I'm looking
smart how many holes are you going to
put in it twice as many as I need to
when I asked if you had mounting
hardware you just brought over a bag of
everything that you've probably ever
mounted before yeah why would I throw it
away no but I I need the specific
hardware for
it
uh there's
one so it will not be good on the wall
so why don't you just use those Anor
things cuz it's like really heavy and
there's only two of them oh no there's
three what's the worst that could
happen I hope it falls on you good all
right well hey hey hey we did it and I
didn't drill any extra
holes come on in Belle take a look at
your mirror wow it's a little
high it's really high it's not like an
inch too high it's like six in too high
yeah the best part is if you want me to
lower it you're going to have two big
ass holes in your wall oh that's fine
that's pretty
unbrand we did a great job that looks so
sick there you go should we maybe set it
up yes it should already be
preconfigured raid five correct perfect
that means he can lose one of these
drives outright like just you know lose
it I mean I mean if it fails anyway the
point is that he won't lose any data in
that case and that'll leave him with 9
ter terabytes of usable space we were
going to put that inside the pinball
cabinet but then thermal concerns also
yeah it looks great so now it goes on
the Shelf yeah uh oh my gosh I thought
he was going to throw the camera next
what is this membership nice yes thank
you I can read I mean does Samsung
expect you to buy the TV and then buy
artwork they would like that but luckily
I take pictures so I'll just use my own
art oh okay cool let's see uh hm good
job did you take it on an iPhone
4 listen this is helping cuz we have new
camera stuff from andd all right let's
go have a look at the camera stuff then
uh you just got an alpha 6700 is this
good yes I was looking at a couple
different options cuz I want something
that can do video as well as photos
we'll do both very very well and then I
got myself a uh fixed prime lens as well
really you have one good lens and you
went with a prime yes I do a lot of
street
photography
now you have to put I was leaning face
down brother what his did you get his
butt in it yeah no you didn't you need
to get a belt he didn't I I did Pan over
and zoom let's take a picture of the
audience what that that's not that
that's not how that works don't you hate
it when people take way too long to
press the shutter it's so
annoying oh my God he finally bled got
him that looks like it's on purpose
though I also got a shotgun
mic oh wow you got to be careful don't
keep that
loaded wow my head looks so small I just
have a giant head I'm sorry okay what's
up Gamers today we're building a PC in a
pinball machine and we're going to spend
$100 let's
go and then
cut if this computer doesn't boot now
because you're finicking with it it's
going to boot watch it's going to boot
here we go do you want me to push the
button do it here we go do it you coward
pretty cool eh yeah pointless but cool
what do you mean pointless why is it in
here it was Biz idea is that the theme
of this instead of the stealthiest it's
the stupidest upgrade no Dennis's
upgrade already
exists okay fair the original plan was
to actually have this in the top
compartment here the one connect box
yeah because we wanted the HDMI ports to
be facing up so but that's really stable
now so well I mean it is if you don't
move it I mean we can put it down here
there's just not a ton of room yeah
we'll put it up here sure wait you're
going to VHB it like just with tape yeah
cuz the only way it's going to I take no
responsibility for this I'm washing my
hands symbolically washing my hands I
may have found a solution wait the glass
is going to be on yeah it helps with air
flow no it doesn't yeah it does yeah I
was going to say how would that help
with air flow it
doesn't it's not how it works then why
do any computer case have glass on it
dust what because people like to look at
their stupid RGB
lights B I would like to apologize for
your upgrade being stupid what's the
plan for the one connect cable it goes
down to the radiant heater and then just
up or yeah that's how it was explained
to me okay and then what is the plan for
the HDMI cable for the
Sonos oh my God you guys didn't think of
this did you we have a long HDMI cable
really yes that's the plan yes this
seems to be screwed directly into the
drywall and also the threads are to Al
stripped out of it I can't even remove
the
screw you just pull if you unscrew the
top one you can just pull yeah I see
yeah wow what a good shelf we're going
to need some cable ties wow this looks
like
ass we'll fix it fix it Mr Tech tips I
can't fix this I need a cable cover okay
cable ties hit me you know what's funny
is Elijah unironically did a great job
of installing that AP and I think we're
going to have to move it into the arcade
cabinet am I going to get any cable ties
at some point ow yeah I deserve that all
right while there working on all that I
do have some miscellaneous stuff like
the quest 3 now I bought
this no I just want to hear the reason
you have a 7900 XTX and you're going to
play on that so I would like to know why
so I love VR I've had most VR headsets
so when I saw the quest 3 I was like
there's my next next headset the only
problem is is I want it for AR I
actually want to learn piano a bit more
officially instead of just knowing songs
and there's a past through game that
teaches piano no way all right let's see
it the only problem is is that now I've
tried the Apple Vision Pro and I don't
think I'm going to like this anymore
because the Apple Vision Pro is awesome
have you tried the quest 3 well there's
more to do on the quest 3 so I'll give
it that but uh I see the pass through is
not the same that Apple Vision pass
through is insane but this has games
yeah and this you were able to afford
all the rest of this stuff mhm so the
reason why I got the ubiquity was
because I wanted to do airlink using the
quest 3 so I can play my PC VR games on
this without a cable and it uses Wi-Fi
6E which obviously my $30 dink router
does not do okay so so let's see it just
like that I'm in the metaverse
nice wow it that didn't feel good that
was like motion sick already hands are
really
weird you even well it has to decide
like what camera is showing your hand so
it kind of warps
around okay I almost missed but the hand
tracking for like using menus so none of
the rest of this is getting well mounted
hey also you do know that you're
supposed to have like 6 in off of these
heated baseboards especially in the
winter right uh they don't work they
don't work no I'm just cold all the time
I see yeah this looks too small for my
head now this looks like it's for
children dude you know you have this on
upside down right no okay Bobo VR cuz
this is the it's just this is wrong
they've sent me something wrong cuz look
at this is supposed to be over the USBC
cable hold on one moment
please stand
by there you go now it's right side up
oh my gosh this is a tech tip
every can you tell what I'm playing he
definitely needs help with that I got to
slow down it's going too fast
how do I choose speed slow down please
help
me if you didn't know that he was doing
lessons right now you'd think it was
just some kid at the airport
like okay this seems like user error
Bell can I
try uh B
uping the
demo wait it's not lined up with the
keys well there at least part of your
problem every single one of these lines
is at the halfway point between two keys
so always go to the right and now the
keyboard is here okay fine you can get a
Vision Pro if you want let's go like I'm
not paying for it I just mean like I'll
get it I'll understand you'll get it
let's
go okay hey you bought some records huh
let's change the subject oh yeah the
first one you've seen I kind of got it
as a gift to form you to me to symbolize
when I beat you on the Black Friday
stream oh I got you this how much do you
think I paid for it I don't know 30
bucks
$400 I also bought this limited edition
numbered 121 mint copy of Empire the sun
walking on a dream and how much you
think I paid for this one with the
lenticular display
more yes but only very slightly it's
also pretty much
$400 he spent 20% of his budget yeah I
also went over by about $500 so I pretty
much just bought one of the you brought
wow so you actually spent $500 of your
own money to meme on me yes
Hey where's your Bluetooth oh it's over
here okay also we need networking it's
coming out of the TV speaker is that a
problem go no here we should out the TV
speaker what's it supposed to come out
of the Sonos is it supposed to look like
this in
here how do I plug that's why you wanted
to move it close to the wall before
anyone got a chance to look in there we
still have to put this in no I already
have an Ethernet in there where well
where is it the white one it's not going
to reach Elijah oh crap you're right a
damn it I also got an Apple Watch I got
this series 8 uh 45 mm we it was from
inventory we only had gold which I is
not my preferred color but it does look
pretty slick and I do VR in the mornings
I mean we got a gym membership through
work now so maybe not as much but it'd
be good to track my heart rate see how
I'm doing also got an expensive coffee
grinder spent about like $400 or $500 on
this so I can make
espresso
espresso do you need $400 of grinding to
make espresso honestly for a good
grinder that can do espresso and pour
over or anything like that you pretty
much are spending hundreds of dollars
[Music]
unfortunately honestly every time I do
it I get so mad there Elijah you happy
lus I haven't I haven't been happy in
about 25
years jeez perfect in between all this
chit chat Colin managed to get one thing
done today he built this ottoman Colin
no it's for this oh oh wait what's it
for oh is that new no but this goes with
my other well I guess the other final
couple objects no we have a pillow a
pillow a lumbar pillow if you want to
put that together I'll grab the other
last thing it's from doen dooen which
means it's art it matches my uh uh
tissue box how much is this pillow I
paid
$80 for this pillow and uh cover people
say our screwdrivers overpriced well
both things can be
true if I win I get a bigger discount on
the Apple Vision
Pro we're not even selling the Apple
Vision Pro well went from okay you could
buy it to not that big of a discount to
not selling I don't think I ever said
any of those things 530 frames per
second let's go go away
rat okay my God stop bothering
me fine I'll leave not you surprisingly
even with the game running over there
this is
uh not loud guess that's what a layer of
MDF will do for you oh yeah those intake
C fans are working though a few moments
later we're back we got Belle an actual
arcade cabinet this time instead of the
pinball machine so upgrade I don't know
it still has actually the pinball
buttons on the side which is pretty cool
so you could play some pinball games
made by the same company has way more
room to fit the computer the one connect
box and the Apple TV as well as we ran
an extra HDMI cable out the back in case
a friend brings over like a Nintendo
switch or a PS5 or something or if a
friend comes over at all but you know
are you okay with the arcade cabinet
it's like you
know uh we also did some cable managing
and I had some other things show up but
uh I think all we have to do is game
make sure it all works yeah let's game
make sure everything works and he's
happy with arcade cabinet you know now
that I'm sitting down Bell is this
really the optimal sitting and gaming
experience with the TV all the way over
there I mostly just watch NBA but again
I don't want my TV to be the center of
my living room like I'd rather sit
across from my friends here in the
camera and have a conversation with them
than like watching TV I see so the TV is
definitely second I'm purposely like
this all the
time say hello to my big friend Mama Mia
now that's a spicy meatball we actually
scaled our game down to 1440p 120 cuz
Bell only has an HDMI 2.0 cable well I
wouldn't blame the cable it's actually
the TV itself is only HMI 2.0 which I
know it's not great it's a great TV it
is a fault though uh so you can either
do 4K 60 or 1440p 1220 why again did you
change to the frame every point you keep
bringing up is making me wish you didn't
change it looks so good when it's off
and I want my TV to be off
big black triangle is
ugly okay well anyways we're playing
cyber Punk at 1440p with pretty much
everything maxed out we have motion blur
off and we're averaging it seems like
110 to 120 FPS in game and some busy
areas looks really good yeah I really
feel like I am a cyberpunk 2077 I got to
say this didn't go according to plan but
I am pretty happy so I just want to say
thank you AMD thank you Elijah I forgive
you man thanks
buddy thanks so much for watching if you
want to get your own 7900 XTX we'll have
a link in the description and uh who's
AMD upgrade should they watch next Adam
but CW Adam oh yeah his retro stuff was
awesome and Taylor Swift Center yeah